[clang][Sema] Fix rejected-valid for explicit object parameters in dependent nested classes context (#209107)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.md

  would only use the first one). A new warning that diagnoses such declarations has been added to `-Wignored-attributes`.
  (#GH191829)
- Fixed a crash in the constant evaluator when an ill-formed array new-expression whose bound could not be determined (e.g. `new int[]()`) was used in a constant expression. (#GH200139)

> - Fixed a rejected-valid case that used explicit object parameters in the context of dependent nested classes. (#GH136472)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a rejected-valid case that used an explicit object parameter in an out-of-line definition of a nested class member. (#GH136472)
```
